‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎My good old friend Bob!
‎How wonderful to see you!
‎And you've brought
‎little Xavier Yves with you, too!
‎Uh, my peeps call me XY,
‎if you don't mind, Mr Mayor.
‎-Xavier Yves sounds way too--
‎-XY! Of course! Famous DJ XY!
‎Ha, ha! It's an honour for the Palace
‎to receive such a fantastic artist
‎-and his father!
‎-Does that mean dinner's on the house?
‎Uh...
‎Ha, ha, ha! I'm joking!
‎Ha, ha, ha! You're too much, Bob!
‎Always the comedian!
‎Enjoy your meal. Bon appétit!
‎Eh! I tried. OK. We need to talk about
‎this special TV appearance
‎you'll be making.
‎This'll be a major
‎promotional event for you.
‎Got any new material to premiere?
‎New ideas?
‎Course not, Dad.
‎You know I never have any ideas.
‎So, let me hear what you've ripped--
‎I mean,
‎what you've come up with this year!
‎Isn't it a bit similar
‎to what you were doing last year?
‎Oh, yeah. I guess I ripped off
‎my own music! Ha, ha, ha!
‎Ha, ha! Never mind.
‎No one will know the difference.
‎Image is king!
‎What kind of visuals you got going?
‎-Any concepts?
‎-Any what?
‎Forget it. I'll use the same plan
‎that's made me the rich man I am today.
‎If you're short on great ideas,
‎"borrow" someone else's!
‎We're looking for new talent.
‎Stunning musical
‎and visual skills are a must,
‎with a brand new style
‎that everyone will die for!
‎You have two weeks
‎to send in your videos!
‎It's an opportunity
‎to showcase Kitty Section!
‎And the stage clothes you designed,
‎Marinette!
‎If we all pitch in,
‎two weeks is enough time
‎-to make an awesome video! Everyone in?
‎-Here we go!
‎Kitty Section!
‎Wow! This is so awesome.
‎We're so in the moment!
‎The song's fun and totally sincere.
‎Hey, Marinette!
‎Still no news about the contest?
‎Maybe they didn't like our song.
‎They must have received a ton of videos.
‎They probably haven't made their pick yet.
‎Uh-oh! You'd better
‎take a look at this, guys.
‎Oh!
‎Wow! Loving the new look, XY!
‎You've really outdone yourself this time!
‎How did you come up with a style
‎that's so... original?
‎-It's all in here!
‎-But that's our original style!
‎Your unicorn and your masks!
‎That's your melody! It's your music!
‎That's not fair!
‎That should be you guys up there on TV!
‎There'd better be a good explanation!
‎We have to have it out
‎with Bob Roth and XY!
‎-They're not here right now.
‎-Seriously?
‎-They're on the live screen!
‎-You're not allowed in.
‎You're not invited
‎and the show's started.
‎-But it's our show!
‎-Not our problem, Miss.
‎Aaah! Help! Our friend's been akumatised
‎and Ladybug and Cat Noir
‎aren't here to save us! Quick!
‎Stop messing around, kids,
‎it's not gonna work.
‎We've got work to do. So get outta here
‎and go watch the show at home!
‎Wow! Awesome, XY!
‎Such a 180 from your last record.
‎This might be your best yet!
‎So, tell me,
‎where did you get the inspiration
‎for all this?
‎Oh, it's nothing really. I came up
‎with that whole song within five minutes.
‎He couldn't even sing it
‎the way it's supposed to be sung!
‎And his mask isn't even a good rip-off!
‎ Mr Roth!
‎My name's Marinette Dupain-Cheng!
‎I sent you the Kitty Section video.
‎Video? What video? I don't know
‎what you're talking about, kid.
‎Maybe I can jog your memory. Look!
‎The costumes, the masks,
‎the music, the moves... all the same!
‎There's no comparison!
‎This here is some amateur garage band.
‎My son is a solo artist. You guys play
‎instruments. His music is all digital.
‎Our unicorn is much cooler
‎and our masks are nothing like yours.
‎That's not true!
‎You copied Marinette's costumes!
‎And it's the exact same song!
‎You stole Luka's music!
‎Oh, come on! Let's not exaggerate now.
‎We may have just been a little bit...
‎inspired, that's all.
‎Inspired? You flat out stole!
‎You didn't design this mask,
‎Marinette did!
‎Listen,
‎it's not too late to do the right thing.
‎Just tell the truth
‎and let Kitty Section appear on the show.
‎-That's all we're asking.
‎-Yeah.
‎First they'll want to be in the show,
‎then they'll want a cut of the profits!
‎No way!
‎Never saw or heard of Kitten Division!
‎Forget it, Marinette. It's no big deal.
‎Let's just go.
‎No! It's not fair! I won't stand by
‎and let my friends' work get stolen.
‎If you won't tell the truth, then I will.
‎Right now, on the air, live!
‎If you do that, I'll tell them
‎you're the copycats, not me!
‎I've got all of the music biz
‎eating out of my hand.
‎So who do you think they're gonna
‎believe? Me or a group of nobodies?
‎You'll never have a future
‎in this business!
‎You'll never make another costume!
‎And there'll be no more music
‎for your buddies!
‎Because as far as everyone's concerned,
‎you'll be the rip-off artists!
‎Ah! I'm detecting the echo
‎of a very rare emotion,
‎the anger of a creator
‎whose work has been stolen,
‎who also cannot bear to see
‎the one he loves suffer.
‎Fly away, my little akuma,
‎and evilise this pure soul!
‎Ha, ha! Not quite so cocky now, are we?
‎Silencer! I am Hawk Moth.
‎This man is the voice of evil.
‎I'm giving you the power
‎to silence him for good.
‎All I ask of you in return
‎are Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
‎Do we have an agreement, Silencer?
‎I'll take your silence as a "Yes."
‎Do you have any idea how much work
‎it took me to copy your costumes?
‎Shh.
‎-I'm the best! I'm famous!
‎-Aaah!
‎-I'm the best!
‎-What's that?
‎Don't worry, Marinette.
‎I'd never hurt you.
‎I will use the power Hawk Moth
‎has given me to restore justice.
‎I will force Bob Roth to admit what
‎he has done to you and Kitty Section.
‎Don't do that, Luka!
‎That's revenge, not justice!
‎And if you team up with Hawk Moth,
‎you'll have to face Cat Noir and Ladybug.
‎Cat Noir and Ladybug?
‎Where were they when we needed them?
‎As of now, Silencer is laying down
‎the Law of Silence!
‎You're the most extraordinary girl,
‎Marinette. As clear as a musical note,
‎and as sincere as a melody.
‎You are the music that's been playing
‎inside my head since the day we met.
‎I won't let anything happen to you.
‎Wh... wh... what?
‎Did that sound like a declaration of love?
‎I think so. Which is kinda weird,
‎coming from a villain!
‎-Perhaps Luka feels the same way!
‎-Do you think?
‎Stay focused, Marinette!
‎Tikki, spots on!
‎Ha!
‎You can't get away from me, Bob Roth!
‎I'll make you tell the truth, live on TV!
‎Don't touch me! I'm well-connected!
‎One call to Mr Bourgeois
‎and he'll bring the police for me,
‎-the whole army if he has to!
‎-Shh!
‎I can't let you do this, Silencer.
‎And about time too!
‎What are you waiting for? Get to work!
‎Listen, Luka... uh, Silencer!
‎You don't know what you're doing!
‎Hawk Moth is evil! You think
‎you're doing good, but you're wrong!
‎Oh, come on!
‎Stop mincing around and protect me!
‎No more evil-doing for you, akuma!
‎Sorry, Ladybug! Occupational hazard,
‎I guess! No hard feelings! Bye!
‎You shouldn't have stood in my way,
‎Ladybug!
‎No lucky charm this time, Ladybug!
‎You'd need your voice for that.
‎And I'm the one who's got it!
‎You can run, Ladybug,
‎but you can't get away from me for long!
‎Don't let her escape you, Silencer!
‎She's vulnerable!
‎Don't worry, Hawk Moth.
‎Now that I've got Ladybug's voice,
‎I have a plan to get hold
‎of her and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
‎But first, revenge!
‎-Adrien, come see this!
‎-What is it?
‎Ladybug?
‎Looks like we've got a problem.
‎Plagg, claws out!
‎Miaow! Milady sent me some messages!
‎I bet she misses me!
‎Where are you hiding, Bob Roth?
‎You're definitely good at hiding.
‎But you won't get away from me.
‎I've got plans for you, too.
‎I'm right here, Milady.
‎Uh... I'm here now,
‎so go ahead and fill me in!
‎Ah! Of course!
‎I should have thought of that.
‎Hey! That's not very nice!
‎You're right! We'll get your voice back
‎and talk ourselves out of this mess!
‎I don't wanna be catty,
‎but I don't know what you mean.
‎"We've got a major problem.
‎I can't call out my Lucky Charm
‎or say "Miraculous Ladybug.""
‎Ah, you've definitely got a point there!
‎The magic ladybugs won't be able to fix up
‎all the damage caused by Silencer!
‎And you can't say
‎the detransformation words,
‎which means you'll be a mute
‎Ladybug for the rest of your life?
‎But it has its advantages, in a way.
‎Now you'll never be able
‎to pick on my jokes!
‎I'm kidding, Milady! Don't worry!
‎You always get us out of the worst fixes!
‎Meanwhile, I'll be able to babble
‎to my heart's content!
‎Get away from me, you filthy critters!
‎André! André, it's me!
‎I need you to send in the troops!
‎No problem, Bob. I'll take care of it.
‎Where are you?
‎The one place in Paris you've probably
‎never stepped foot in, the sewers!
‎Don't worry.
‎I'll send the police in right away!
‎Mayor Bourgeois here.
‎Get me Officer Roger.
‎Maybe I could imitate your voice.
‎Lucky Charm! Lucky Charm!
‎Uh... Yeah, OK. I'll shut up now.
‎Uh... cat got your tongue?
‎No. A night at the opera?
‎You want to make Silencer
‎say "Lucky Charm"
‎with the voice he stole from you.
‎Very smart!
‎Now let's hear how you're gonna do that!
‎Don't even think about it.
‎It'll never work!
‎You're right, though.
‎We don't have much of a choice.
‎Thank you, Officer Roger. Thanks for
‎looking out for your fellow citizens.
‎-Mr Roth, you are under arrest.
‎-What?
‎This is a big misunderstanding!
‎-Where are you taking me?
‎-Mayor's orders.
‎Mr Bourgeois and I have been friends
‎for a very long time, and--
‎Yes, we're nearly there, Mr Mayor.
‎-Thank you, officer!
‎-Who are you?
‎Shh!
‎At your command, Mr Mayor. What
‎I wouldn't give for another croissant!
‎-No! Let me go!
‎-I can take your voice, Bob Roth,
‎and make you say whatever I please.
‎But that's not what I want.
‎I want you to admit
‎what you did to Marinette and her friends
‎-with your own voice!
‎-Never! I'd rather be silent!
‎You really think I can't make you?
‎Listen, I can ruin your reputation,
‎just like you threatened to do.
‎Everyone in showbiz knows me.
‎I'll make sure you lose
‎-every one of your friends.
‎-I'll put you in prison!
‎I'll never sing for you, Dad!
‎You'll never make
‎another dime from my music!
‎We'll make your life a nightmare,
‎Bob Roth!
‎Wait, stop! OK!
‎I'll do it! I'll tell the truth!
‎Dear viewers. We're back on the air
‎for an exclusive interview with Bob Roth.
‎Wait, Milady. It might be too early
‎to pull off your crazy plan.
‎We could wait for Bob Roth
‎to tell the truth.
‎Then justice would be served
‎for Kitty Section.
‎"It would be revenge, not justice.
‎And being coerced
‎into telling the truth is meaningless."
‎You're right, Milady. You're not much fun,
‎but you do have a point! We must save him!
‎Come on!
‎We've got all the time in the world.
‎-We might as well have fun.
‎-Keep your nose out of things,
‎-or I'll silence you!
‎-That would be a shame. I'm hilarious.
‎Where did he go?
‎You'll have to do better than that,
‎Ladybug,
‎if you're gonna defeat this supervillain.
‎Isn't that you and Cat Noir's job?
‎This is all that band's fault,
‎those Kitty Whatchamacallits.
‎This wouldn't have happened if they'd
‎not made such a fuss about their ideas!
‎Oh, no! I can't find Ladybug anywhere!
‎How will I ever
‎get out of this mess without her?
‎Cat Noir, I'm over here!
‎Milady! If you've gotten your voice
‎back, then you've defeated Silencer!
‎-It's safe to come and find you!
‎-Yes, yes! There's no danger now!
‎Meet me outside the studio!
‎I'll wait!
‎OK! I'm coming.
‎I'll meet you outside the studio door!
‎You've got to be
‎the dumbest superheroes ever!
‎How could you let him in on your plan?
‎And what's with this fake Lucky Charm?
‎I thought it was supposed to be magic,
‎but it's actually
‎just some crafty special effects!
‎You took your time!
‎Did something hold you up?
‎Ha, ha! You thought you had us,
‎didn't you, Silencer?
‎But you're wrong!
‎Ladybug still has her superpowers!
‎That's impossible!
‎I took your voice from you!
‎How could you possibly
‎have summoned up your Lucky Charm?
‎I don't see how this is gonna work
‎better than a lamp,
‎but at least you got yourself
‎a real Lucky Charm!
‎I'm warning you,
‎you haven't heard the last from Ladybug!
‎Catch this, Milady!
‎Cataclysm!
‎You don't scare me. Cats have nine lives!
‎-We've gone Gold again, Dad!
‎-At your command, Mr Bourgeois!
‎-I'm asking you to stop! Lucky Charm!
‎-Cataclysm!
‎No more evil-doing for you, little akuma.
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha! Bye-bye, little butterfly.
‎You're right.
‎This does have its advantages.
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎Give us back our voices!
‎Ah! Much better!
‎-What happened?
‎-You were akumatised,
‎but everything's fine now.
‎This is outrageous, Ladybug! You tied me
‎up and imprisoned me in a dressing room!
‎Me? I did that?
‎That doesn't sound like me at all!
‎The ladybug and cat got you!
‎Serves you right! What did you think, kid?
‎That I was gonna tell the truth?
‎That I stole Kitty Section's song
‎and your girlfriend's costumes,
‎so I could give them
‎to my talentless son? Huh?
‎You didn't think that superheroes
‎would come to save me, huh?
‎That's right, they work for me now!
‎What's up with you guys?
‎Why are you all smiling like that?
‎We're smiling
‎because you're on the air, Mr Roth.
‎Everything you just said
‎was broadcast live.
‎-Yeah!
‎-Boo!
‎Precisely!
‎It was all just a big joke!
‎I actually happen
‎to love the band Kitten Division.
‎In fact, I love them so much
‎that I was just about to sign them
‎to their first record deal!
‎And now, they're gonna finish off
‎this show with their very own song!
‎I didn't mention it earlier,
‎to keep it a surprise,
‎but it was my idea from the start!
‎We usually save the good guys
‎from the baddies.
‎But I've got my doubts about this one.
‎You sure he hasn't been akumatised?
‎Nope. He's like that all the time.
‎Gotta go. I'm about to transform back.
‎See you soon, my kitty!
‎I love it when she calls me that!
‎You broke the Laws of Silence, Ladybug!
‎But I'm preparing an act of vengeance
‎for you that will leave you speechless!
‎And now, please welcome
‎the next big thing in town, Kitty Section!
‎Luka, did you really mean those things
‎you said when you were akumatised?
‎I'm sorry, Marinette,
‎but I don't remember. What did I say?
‎Uh... Oh! Nothing. It was nothing at all.
‎-You were possessed by Hawk Moth's akuma.
‎-I don't know what I could have said.
‎I just hope it wasn't anything mean,
‎because you're the most
‎extraordinary girl.
‎As clear as a musical note,
‎and as sincere as a melody.
‎You are the music that's been playing
‎inside my head since the first day we met.
‎That was declaration of love,
‎right, Tikki?
‎One of the most beautiful ones
‎I've ever heard!